Add sample for ContainerSource event source (#1105)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/samples/container-source/README.md

> ContainerSource will start a container image which will generate events under contain situations and send messages to a sink uri. ContainerSource could be an easy way to implement your own event sources. This document shows how to configure ContainerSource as event source for functions and gives instructions on how to create an event source using ContainerSource.

Reviewer: contain -> certain

Author: fixed. Thanks.

> ContainerSource will start a container image which will generate events under contain situations and send messages to a sink uri. ContainerSource could be an easy way to implement your own event sources. This document shows how to configure ContainerSource as event source for functions and gives instructions on how to create an event source using ContainerSource.

Reviewer: I would add a title at the top.

This sentence feels a bit awkward with a lot of 'ContainerSource'

Author: The opening follows the same structure of README of event source samples. I tried to reduce some duplicates of ContainerSource.

> ContainerSource will start a container image which will generate events under certain situations and send messages to a sink uri. It also can be an easy way to support your own event sources in Knative. This document shows how to configure ContainerSource as event source for functions and summarize guidelines for creating your own event source as ContainerSource.

Reviewer 2: You need to add an _index.md file for the /container-source/ folder, which will include the title of the page.

For an example, see: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/knative/docs/master/docs/eventing/samples/cronjob-source/_index.md

Author: Thanks. Fixed.

> ContainerSource will start a container image which will generate events under certain situations and send messages to a sink uri. It also can be an easy way to support your own event sources in Knative. This document shows how to configure ContainerSource as event source for functions and summarize guidelines for creating your own event source as ContainerSource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ContainerSource will start a container image which will generate events under certain situations and send messages to a sink URI. It also can be an easy way to support your own event sources in Knative. This guide shows how to configure ContainerSource as an event source for functions and summarizes guidelines for creating your own event source as a ContainerSource.
```

Author: Thanks. Fixed.

> ## Create a heartbeats ContainerSource

Reviewer: Which does what ? and why are we doing this ?

The intro makes it sound that this doc will show us how to write our own source and it starts with an example usage. We should explain that clearly

Author: Interesting point.

The heartbeats sample is not only a sample of how to use an existing ContainerSource but also a sample of how to develop a ContainerSource. That's why this document includes both sides.

Reviewer: Then I think we should explain the code almost line by line.

### Prerequisites

1. Setup [Knative Serving](../../../serving).
1. Setup [Knative Eventing and Sources](../../../eventing).

### Prepare the heartbeats image

Knative [event-sources](https://github.com/knative/eventing-sources) has a sample of heartbeats event source. You could clone the source codes by
```
git clone https://github.com/knative/eventing-sources.git
```
And then build a heartbeats image and publish to your image repo with
```

> ko publish github.com/knative/eventing-sources/cmd/heartbeats

Reviewer: In docs I think we should default to using a released image. That way we don't force users to have to install `ko`, clone a repo etc...

Author: heartbeats is not an official publish image. After heartbeats images is published officially, it can be removed. But now, I have to include this command here. See the issue https://github.com/knative/eventing-sources/issues/331.

apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1alpha1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: event-display
spec:
  runLatest:
    configuration:
      revisionTemplate:
        spec:
          container:
            image: gcr.io/knative-releases/github.com/knative/eventing-sources/cmd/event_display
```

Use following command to create the service from `service.yaml`:

```shell
kubectl apply --filename service.yaml
```

### Create a ContainerSource using the heartbeats image

In order to run the heartbeats container as an event source, you have to create a concrete ContainerSource with specific arguments and environment settings. Be sure to replace
`heartbeats_image_uri` with a valid uri for your heartbeats image in your image repo. Note that arguments and environment variables are set and will be passed to the container.

```yaml
apiVersion: sources.eventing.knative.dev/v1alpha1
kind: ContainerSource
metadata:
  name: test-heartbeats
spec:
  image: <heartbeats_image_uri>
  sink:
    apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1alpha1
    kind: Service
    name: event-display
  args: 
    - --period=1
  env:
    - name: POD_NAME
      value: "mypod"
    - name: POD_NAMESPACE
      value: "event-test"
```

> Use the following command to create the event source from `heartbeats-source.yaml`:

Reviewer: That means that we have to write the above YAML sample into a file called `heartbeats-source.yaml`. We should state it clearly.

Author: fixed. Thanks.

```shell
kubectl apply --filename heartbeats-source.yaml
```

### Verify

We will verify that the message was sent to the Knative eventing system by

> looking at message dumper logs.

Reviewer: the 'event display' function logs ?

Author: Thanks. Fixed.

```shell
kubectl logs -l serving.knative.dev/service=event-display -c user-container --since=10m
```

> You should see log lines showing the request headers and body from the source:

Reviewer: headers and body _ of the event sent by the heartbeats source to the display function_

Author: thanks. Fixed.

```
☁️  CloudEvent: valid ✅
Context Attributes,
  SpecVersion: 0.2
  Type: dev.knative.eventing.samples.heartbeat
  Source: https://github.com/knative/eventing-sources/cmd/heartbeats/#event-test/mypod
  ID: cd1f5f24-12dd-489d-aff4-23302c6091fa
  Time: 2019-04-04T08:38:24.833521851Z
  ContentType: application/json
  Extensions:
    beats: true
    heart: yes
    the: 42
Transport Context,
  URI: /
  Host: event-display.default.svc.cluster.local
  Method: POST
Data,
  {
    "id": 2,
    "label": ""
  }
```

## Create a new event source using ContainerSource

In order to create a new event source using ContainerSource, you will create a container image at first, and then create a ContainerSource with the image uri and specify the values of parameters.

### Develop, build and publish a container image

The container image can be developed with any language, build and publish with any tools you like. Here are some basic guidelines:

> - The container image must have a `main` method to start with.

Reviewer: in every language ?

Author: yes. Actually, ContainerSource only needs a URI of a docker image in image repo.

Service that dumps incoming messages to its log.

```yaml
apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1alpha1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: message-dumper
spec:
  runLatest:
    configuration:
      revisionTemplate:
        spec:
          container:
            image: gcr.io/knative-releases/github.com/knative/eventing-sources/cmd/message_dumper
```

Use following command to create the service from `service.yaml`:

```shell
kubectl apply --filename service.yaml
```

### Create a ContainerSource using the heartbeats image

In order to run the heartbeats container as an event source, you have to create a concrete ContainerSource with specific arguments and environment settings. Be sure to replace
`heartbeats_image_uri` with a valid uri for your heartbeats image in your image repo. Note that arguments and environment variables are set and will be passed to the container.

```yaml
apiVersion: sources.eventing.knative.dev/v1alpha1
kind: ContainerSource
metadata:
  name: test-heartbeats
spec:
  image: <heartbeats_image_uri>
  sink:
    apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1alpha1
    kind: Service
    name: message-dumper

>   args: --period=1

Author: Fixed.

  env:
    - name: POD_NAME
      value: "mypod"
    - name: POD_NAMESPACE
      value: "event-test"
```

> Use following command to create the event source from `heartbeats-source.yaml`:

Author: Fixed.

```shell
kubectl logs -l serving.knative.dev/service=message-dumper -c user-container --since=10m
```

You should see log lines showing the request headers and body from the source:

```
Message Dumper received a message: POST / HTTP/1.1
Host: message-dumper.default.svc.cluster.local
Accept-Encoding: gzip
Ce-Beats: true
Ce-Heart: "yes"
Ce-Id: 535fce5c-cbf8-4883-9f1b-c095d9a17750
Ce-Source: https://github.com/knative/eventing-sources/cmd/heartbeats/#event-test/mypod
Ce-Specversion: 0.2
Ce-The: 42
Ce-Time: 2019-03-28T08:12:03.959485185Z
Ce-Type: dev.knative.eventing.samples.heartbeat
Content-Length: 19
Content-Type: application/json
User-Agent: Go-http-client/1.1
X-B3-Sampled: 1
X-B3-Spanid: cbbc4fd4be0c76ad
X-B3-Traceid: cbbc4fd4be0c76ad
X-Forwarded-For: 127.0.0.1
X-Forwarded-Proto: http
X-Request-Id: 3d7440bc-3f82-9dab-b675-e573df507b43

{"id":2,"label":""}
```

## Create a new event source using ContainerSource

In order to create a new event source using ContainerSource, you will create a container image at first, and then create a ContainerSource with the image uri and specify the values of parameters.

### Develop, build and publish a container image

> The container image can be developed with any languages, build and publish with any tools you like. Here are some basic guidelines:

Reviewer 3: languages -> language

Author: fixed.
